King Hammond
Son of king Hammond
Play for England
Trampled underfoot
Pixel man's best friend is a pixel dog
Gloops are just blobs of slime
Become hyper, it's fun
Use a desktop on a desktop with a laptop
The monster ugly, no it's not a mirror
Gelf, Chewbacca with English
Snakeman, half snake half man
Advanced human, more robot than human
Blob and a gloop, nothing new
Approved by 9/10 blind people
This is a great game
Rated 10/10 by alien creatures
Rated 0/5 star food rating
Rated 0/10 by armless people
We worship thee king Hammond
Eat, game, sleep, repeat
Ingredients: computer chip, electric
I am so blue I'm greener than purple
Everyday a grape licks a friendly cow
Close the windows air force is coming!
Stand in a straight circle
Don't stand in front of someone's back
Give me a purple pen of any colour
Banana error
Look a distraction
Be the hero your dog things you are
In space nobody can hear you yawn
Unicorns are just horses with street cred
Finding Nemo was just the beginning
This game is gluten-free
Time flies when you're having fun. Also when you're procrastinating
You can't spell fun without 'u'
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn
Insert witty loading message here
Game responsibly. Or not, we're not your Mum
On a scale of 1 to 10, this game is an 11
Just keep gaming, just keep gaming
Achievement unlocked: Reading Splash text
99% fun, 1% loading
No pixels were harmed in the making of this game
Keep calm and press start
Alt+F4 your worries away
Gaming: the final frontier
welcome to the digital playground
The cake has always been a lie
Reality is overrated. Welcome to the Game!
Where there's a game there's a player
Pro tip: Press buttons. Stuff happens
May your FPS be high and your lag low
Game on, player one
Insert coin to continue... Just kidding, it's free
Warning: May cause spontaneous fun
pixels never looked so good
In this game, even the pixels have personalities
In this game, you're not just a player, you're a legend
Warning: Time may disappear while playing
In this game, you're not just a player, you're a part of the story
Enter the matrix. Exit reality
In the game of life, choose play
Warning: This game may cause spontaneous chicken dancing
Please don't feed the pixels
Warning: This game may cause an uncontrollable urge to high-five a cactus
Prepare to enter a dimension where chickens rule and gravity is optional
Enter a world where cats rule and dogs are their loyal minions
Do fish get thirsty
Behold! The mighty splat of doom
Why does your nose run but your feet smell
Potato-powered loading...please wait
Cats are liquid, prove me wrong
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Bumblebees defy physics, so can you
Ninja chickens are always watching you... always
if you can read this, you're too close to the screen[make smaller font]
beware of the attack hamsters
Are you a king? No? Well keep playing
Flying pigs spotted ahead. Proceed with caution
Dragons love tacos. Fact
Frogs are just jumpy fish
Rainbow unicorns approve this game
The light at the end of the tunnel is a train
Potato power! Mashed, Fried, and loaded
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana
Can you believe it, there's no 